Forced OAuth profile linking
While proxying traffic through Burp, click "My account". You are taken to a normal login page, but notice that there is an option to log in using your social media profile instead. For now, just log in to the blog website directly using the classic login form.
Notice that you have the option to attach your social media profile to your existing account.
Click "Attach a social profile". You are redirected to the social media website, where you should log in using your social media credentials to complete the OAuth flow. Afterwards, you will be redirected back to the blog website.
Log out and then click "My account" to go back to the login page. This time, choose the "Log in with social media" option. Observe that you are logged in instantly via your newly linked social media account.
In the proxy history, study the series of requests for attaching a social profile. In the GET /auth?client_id[...] request, observe that the redirect_uri for this functionality sends the authorization code to /oauth-linking. Importantly, notice that the request does not include a state parameter to protect against CSRF attacks.
Turn on proxy interception and select the "Attach a social profile" option again.
Go to Burp Proxy and forward any requests until you have intercepted the one for GET /oauth-linking?code=[...]. Right-click on this request and select "Copy URL".
Drop the request. This is important to ensure that the code is not used and, therefore, remains valid.
Turn off proxy interception and log out of the blog website.
Go to the exploit server and create an iframe in which the src attribute points to the URL you just copied. The result should look something like this:
<iframe src="https://YOUR-LAB-ID.web-security-academy.net/oauth-linking?code=STOLEN-CODE"></iframe>
Deliver the exploit to the victim. When their browser loads the iframe, it will complete the OAuth flow using your social media profile, attaching it to the admin account on the blog website.
Go back to the blog website and select the "Log in with social media" option again. Observe that you are instantly logged in as the admin user. Go to the admin panel and delete Carlos to solve the lab.